docs: add documentation for using portal service accounts (#883)
terraform-redhat/terraform-provider-rhcs: docs/index.md

  You must complete some AWS account and local configurations to create and managed ROSA clusters.

* One of the following for authenticating against the OCM service:

>   * An offline [OCM token](https://console.redhat.com/openshift/token/rosa)

Reviewer: Is this still the case? When I go to that URL, I now see the new SSO login method. I see an option to still use API keys via a link:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/27986eac-c6ed-4c03-8605-b9f7fa757d5a)

But going there notes that the keys are deprecated:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a456f55-ef9d-4782-87de-4e3f2f3bfc06)

Reviewer 2: @fjcloud please ping me on here or preferably slack for review on that new MR :)

    This token is generated through the Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console. The purpose of this token is to verify that you have access and permission to create and upgrade clusters. This token is unique to your account and should not be shared.

  * A client ID and client secret value when using [Red Hat Customer Portal Service Accounts](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_customer_portal/1/html/creating_and_managing_service_accounts/con-ciam-svc-acct-intro-creating-service-acct#con-ciam-svc-acct-intro-creating-service-acct).

>     These values allow the Terraform provider to refresh the token prior to the 15-minute expiry time and allow avoiding the use of a single, hard-coded access token against the OCM API.  Like the offline OCM token, the purpose of this token is to verify that you have access and permission to create and upgrade clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These values allow the Terraform provider to refresh the token prior to the 15-minute expiry time and avoid using a single, hard-coded access token against the OCM API.  Like the offline OCM token, the purpose of this token is to verify that you have access and permission to create and upgrade clusters.
```
